This section is a good one because we're going to be
talking about the specifics of Node
and how it runs in a container.
Specifically, how do we deal with it shutting down,
starting up, and the Linux systems
that control what's going on that container.
The thing is that a lot of people gloss over this part, or
read outdated, or just plain wrong, blog entries
about how to deal with the problem of Node
being controlled properly inside a container.
Specifically how does it shut down and properly get
replaced. And so I wanted to focus on that for a
whole section and give you some good assignments to deal
with this problem and understand the various options you
have and which ones you should use when.